Updating VM Image Download (#505)
harvester/docs: docs/upload-image.md

3. Delete the stuck image, and then restart the upload process.

> #### Upload the image which is downloaded from Harvester before
> 
> Since **Longhorn v1.5.5**, Longhorn [compresses the backing image for downloading](https://github.com/longhorn/backing-image-manager/pull/153). If you directly upload such file to the Harvester, It will be rejected with message **Upload failed: the uploaded file size xxxx should be a multiple of 512 bytes since Longhorn uses directIO by default**, because the compressed data violates Longhorn's data alignment.
> 
> To re-upload the image, please decompress it first with:
> 
>   ```
>   $ gzip -d <file name>
>   ```
> 
> Then it should be ready for uploading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Uploading Images Previously Downloaded from Harvester

Starting with **v1.5.5**, Longhorn [compresses backing images for downloading](https://github.com/longhorn/backing-image-manager/pull/153). If you attempt to upload a compressed backing image, Harvester rejects the attempt and displays the message **Upload failed: the uploaded file size xxxx should be a multiple of 512 bytes since Longhorn uses directIO by default** because the compressed data violates Longhorn's data alignment.

Before uploading, decompress backing images using the command `$ gzip -d <file name>`.
```
